I
I guess they are so tired they didn't
wake up for their playdate with the clan
my friend is already here hey Henry wake
up your playdate oh okay if my playdate
no sissy she still sleep they're already
here you better hurry out son wait for
your sissy though wake up ah gazelle I'm
sorry just I need you to wake up so
let's go out the door um cuz your play
date was today my words this yard here
yes oh no where is she she's right where
come on Henry I'm coming I'm coming so
here we are outside nobody's inside
anymore oh you knocked down on the radio
yeah okay hen I skate over where is she
she's right behind you oh mama hey hey
Margot I'm Ella hi miss Miller hi hi
Daddy good morning daddy good morning
mum been learning good morning
sweetheart uh-huh we're so excited today
okay i'll be over 40 k spring ok gisele
huh let's pull out my paper bag hey can
you turn the radio on please oh sure
just a minute
there it's supposed to be here not there
it goes
this is the first play-day ever had yeah
you